[IMP] ecommerce: checkout (#11635)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/websites/ecommerce/checkout_payment_shipping/checkout.rst

   :guilabel:`Shop - Products` section and enable :guilabel:`Wishlists` to have the
   :guilabel:`Add to Wishlist` option available in the website editor.

.. _ecommerce/checkout/delivery:

Delivery
--------

Once they have reviewed their order:

- Unsigned-in customers are prompted to :guilabel:`Sign in` or enter their
  :guilabel:`Email address`, along with their delivery address and phone details;

- Signed-in customers can select the appropriate :guilabel:`Delivery address`.

Next, customers can
:doc:`Choose a delivery method <../../ecommerce/checkout_payment_shipping/shipping>`, select or
enter their :guilabel:`Billing Address` (or toggle the :guilabel:`Same as delivery address` switch
if the billing and delivery addresses are identical), and click :guilabel:`Confirm` to proceed to
the next step.

For B2B customers, you can :ref:`enable <ecommerce/checkout/customize_steps>` optional
:guilabel:`VAT` and :guilabel:`Company name` fields during the
:ref:`Delivery <ecommerce/checkout/delivery>` step by toggling the :guilabel:`Show B2B Fields`
option in the website editor. These fields appear in the :guilabel:`Delivery address` form to

> accommodate business requirements.

Reviewer: I don't think the last sentence is necessary as it's implied in the previous one (and the fields' labels)

.. _ecommerce/checkout/extra_step:

Extra info
----------

> During the checkout process, you can add an :guilabel:`Extra Info` step to collect additional
> customer information via an online :ref:`form <website/dynamic_content/form>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an :guilabel:`Extra Info` step in the checkout process to collect additional
customer information via an online form.
```
I would actually add the ref later (see my comment on line 121)

To :ref:`enable <ecommerce/checkout/customize_steps>` this option, toggle the :guilabel:`Extra Step`
option in the website editor.

.. tip::
   Alternatively, go to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, scroll to the
   :guilabel:`Shop - Checkout Process` section, enable :guilabel:`Extra Step During Checkout`, and
   click :guilabel:`Save`. Click :icon:`fa-arrow-right` :guilabel:`Configure Form` to customize the
   form.

> 

Reviewer: I would add a small sentence to specifically mention the fact that you you can adapt the form, with this ref: <website/dynamic_content/form>`.

Depending on your :ref:`checkout policy <ecommerce/checkout/policy>`, customers not logged in are
prompted to either sign in or proceed as guests. Logged-in customers benefit from auto-filled
details, streamlining the process. Once ready, they can click

> :guilabel:`Continue Checkout to proceed` to the next step.

Reviewer: I don't understand why this paragraph is in this section (and this sounds a bit chatgpt-y to me)

.. _ecommerce/checkout/payment:

Payment
-------

At the :guilabel:`Payment` step, customers :guilabel:`choose a payment method`, enter their
payment details, and click :guilabel:`Pay now`.

You can require customers to agree to your :doc:`terms and conditions <../../../finance/accounting/customer_invoices/terms_conditions>`
before payment. To :ref:`enable <ecommerce/checkout/customize_steps>` this option, go to the website
editor and toggle the :guilabel:`Accept Terms & Conditions` feature.

.. tip::

>    Click the :icon:`fa-bug` :guilabel:`bug` icon to an
>    :ref:`availability <payment_providers/availability>` report for payment providers and payment
>    methods, which helps diagnose potential availability issues on the payment form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Click the :icon:`fa-bug` :guilabel:`bug` icon to display an
   :ref:`availability <payment_providers/availability>` report for payment providers and payment
   methods, which helps diagnose potential availability issues on the payment form.
```

.. _ecommerce/checkout/order_confirmation:

Order confirmation
------------------

The final step of the checkout process is the :guilabel:`Order confirmation`, which provides a
summary of the customer's purchase details.

.. seealso::
   :doc:`Order handling <../../ecommerce/ecommerce_management/order_handling>`

.. _ecommerce/checkout/policy:

Checkout policy

> ===============

Reviewer: I think this section would actually make more sense before the different steps as the checkout policy impacts the whole process?

You can allow customers to checkout as guests or require them to sign in or create an account by
going to :menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings`, scrolling down to the
:guilabel:`Shop - Checkout Process` section, and adjusting the :guilabel:`Sign in/up at checkout`
option:

> - :guilabel:`Optional`: Customers can check out as guests and register later via the order
>   confirmation email to track their order;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Optional`: Customers can check out as guests and register later via the order
  confirmation email to track their order.
```

Promo code
----------

Enable the :guilabel:`Promo Code` option so that customers can redeem
:ref:`gift cards <ewallet_gift/gift-cards>` or
:doc:`discount <../../../sales/sales/products_prices/loyalty_discount>` codes.

Accept Terms & Conditions
-------------------------

Toggle :guilabel:`Accept Terms & Conditions` to ask customers to agree to the
:doc:`terms and conditions <../../../finance/accounting/customer_invoices/terms_conditions>` before
confirming their order.

.. image:: checkout/checkout-terms.png
    :alt: Accept terms and conditions feature

Show B2B Fields
---------------

Enable the :guilabel:`Show B2B Fields` option to add optional :guilabel:`VAT` and
:guilabel:`Company name` fields to the :guilabel:`Billing address` form for B2B customers during the
:ref:`Delivery <ecommerce/checkout/delivery>` step.

Add to Wishlist
---------------

Activate :guilabel:`Add to Wishlist` to display the :guilabel:`Save for Later` option at the
:guilabel:`Review Order` step to allow customers to remove a product from their order and save it in
their Wishlist.

.. image:: checkout/checkout-wishlist.png
   :alt: Save for later option

.. _ecommerce/checkout/express_checkout:

> Express checkout

Reviewer 2: We should not use the term "express checkout" for the "buy now" feature. Express checkout refers to the express payment methods such as Apple Pay and Google Pay that can be displayed on the cart page, enabling the customer to skip entirely the Delivery and Payment checkout steps.

:guilabel:`Shop—Checkout Process` section, enable :guilabel:`Buy Now` and :guilabel:`Save`.
Alternatively, the :guilabel:`Buy Now` button can also be enabled from any product's page by
clicking :guilabel:`Edit` and going to the :guilabel:`Customize` tab.

.. image:: checkout/checkout-buy-now.png
   :alt: Buy Now button

.. _ecommerce/checkout/policy:

Checkout policy
===============

Allow customers to checkout as **guests** or force them to **sign in/create an account** by going to
:menuselection:`Website --> Configuration --> Settings` and scrolling down to the
:guilabel:`Shop - Checkout Process` section. There, you can select:

- :guilabel:`Optional`: Customers can check out and register later from the order confirmation email
  to track their order;

- :guilabel:`Disabled (buy as guest)`: Customers can checkout as guests without creating an account;

- :guilabel:`Mandatory (no guest checkout)`: Customers must sign in or create an account to complete
  their purchase.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`Customer accounts <../ecommerce_management/customer_accounts>`
   - :doc:`Portal access <../../../general/users/portal>`

B2B access restriction

> ======================

Reviewer: And maybe this section should remain right under the Checkout policy section? (see my comment on line 157-158)
